hi my name is erina pan pastiche of cape
cod and today I'm gonna make a classic
caesar salad one of my family's
favorites
all right so if you've never made a
Caesar salad before we're gonna start
with a raw egg
nice fresh egg I'm gonna take my whisk
and some nice olive oil I'm gonna beat
that together that looks great
then I'm going to take a nice fresh
lemon and I'm gonna just take out some
of the seeds you're still gonna get I
know there's a trick you can use
cheesecloth and not have the seeds bla
bla bla but I don't I don't have any
cheesecloth so I'm just gonna squeeze in
the lemon I'll pick up the seeds
afterwards so next I'm going to put in
some mustard couple of blobs like that
maybe a little bit more I'm going to add
some with just your sauce some ground
pepper and I'm going to also add a
little bit of fresh sea salt take a nice
cup it really nice maybe two cloves of
fresh garlic and put that in there now
I'm going to take the end toby's I have
about three anchovies here I like the
white anchovies they're really great but
these aren't families are just a regular
one so you can get at the grocery store
and I just shred them with two forks
you're gonna mix that all together
looking really good already can I like
to take some fresh Parmesan cheese and a
grater and this will thicken it up even
a little bit more almost done then
you're gonna take your romaine of course
wash I usually get rid of the top
because I nobody really likes to eat it
I never there's any bad leaves just take
them off and you're just gonna coat all
the lettuce with that great Caesar
dressing take some grated Parmesan
cheese again fresh that I did ahead of
time and the last but not least we're
going to add some homemade croutons and
you're all done excellent can't wait to
eat it